                           The LieAlgDB Package
                           --------------------

The package LieAlgDB provides access to several classifications of Lie
algebras.  In  the mathematics literature many  classifications of Lie
algebras  of  various types  have  been  published  (we refer  to  the
bibliography of the manual for a few examples).  However, working with
these  classifications from paper  is not  always easy.   This package
aims at making a few classifications of small dimensional Lie algebras
that  have  appeared  in   recent  years  more  accessible.  For  each
classification  that  is  contained  in  the  package,  functions  are
provided that  construct Lie algebras from  that classification inside
GAP. This  allows the user to  obtain easy access to  the often rather
complicated  data  contained  in  a classification,  and  to  directly
interface the Lie algebras to the functionality for Lie algebras which
is already contained in GAP.



                                 Authors
                                 -------

The package was written by:

Serena Cicalò
Dipartimento di Matematica e Informatica
Via Ospedale, 72
09124 Cagliari
Email: cicalo@science.unitn.it

and

Willem de Graaf
Dipartimento di Matematica
Via Sommarive, 14
38050 Povo (Trento)
Italy
Email: degraaf@science.unitn.it
WWW: http://www.science.unitn.it/~degraaf/

and

Csaba Schneider   
Informatics Research Laboratory  
Computer and Automation Research Institute 
1518 Budapest
Pf. 63    
Hungary     
Email: csaba.schneider@sztaki.hu    
WWW: www.sztaki.hu/~schneider

                     Installing the package
                     ----------------------

To install the package, move the archive file into the `pkg' directory
in which you  plan to install the package.  Usually,  this will be the
directory `pkg' in the hierarchy  of your version of GAP 4.  (However,
it  is also possible  to keep  an additional  `pkg' directory  in your
private directories, see section  "ref:Installing GAP Packages" of the
GAP 4  reference manual for details  on how to do  this.)  Then unpack
the archive file and that's it!

                               Bug reports
                               -----------

If you encounter problems, please report them via our issue tracker:
  <https://github.com/gap-packages/liealgdb/issues>

When sending a bug report, please to to include enough information so
that we can reproduce the problem.
